I was born in 1993 February 21, Sunday.
Now I decided to write something for every day I was alive.
I am now 29 years, eleven months and eleven days old.
10,938 days have passed since my birth.
Today is 2023 February 2, Thursday.
Iran time is 18:16.
I decided to write, so I write 10,938 lines...!
I had a talent that I always ignored.
It was sculpture.
And I never regretted it.
But I am proud to have discovered it.
Because I can make a sculpture with my eyes closed!!!
I failed in love but fell in love again.
It took me 10 years to be able to write with both hands.
If genius is sheer effort, I'll be a genius.
I was crying when I was born.
But I have tried my best until this moment.
I will laugh when I start the next journey and leave this world.
While this whole world will cry... 
From the past, I tried not to have any preconceived notions about religion.
Because many religious missionaries expressed religion for their own benefit.
My religious source is the Koran, the Bible and the Torah, not religious missionaries.
My religious teacher is Muhammad, the Messenger of God.
In the rest of the religion, it was the religious missionaries who created the separation.
I definitely believe in Imam Ali and the next 13 Imams.
But I also believe in Abu Bakr, Umar, and Uthman, who were useful.
Because no person is completely evil.
Hoping to deeply understand the meaning of freedom at the level of public awareness of the people of the world.
In the hope of separating this Islamic taste of us Iranians from the main religion of Islam.
The goal of the 1357 revolution was to free women from being commodity-oriented.
Apparently, the goal was not to look at women as sexual products.
But where are those people who wanted to build God's heaven on earth!!!
They themselves died and there is no way for them to be accountable
They are not able to see that in addition to being a woman, she has become a commodity to be bought and sold
Tehran has also become a commodity for buying and selling
Marriage has become a commodity to be bought and sold
Iran and oil and gas have become a commodity to be bought and sold
Today, women look at men like this
How much money will I get in marriage with you?
A man's look at a woman is how much money do your parents have that you want to marry me!!!!?
The general public's view of Tehran is something like buying and selling a large commodity in the name of Tehran
which they invest in by buying it
They get a profit by selling it
Iran and oil and gas are only for selling and buying goods for the government
Unfortunately, you did not build heaven on earth
You created a hell where every human being is good or bad
He should live in it and not talk so as not to offend you.|||||
I love Autonomous System for discovering vulnerabilities Web-Applications.
They are AI systems and I want to learn for peace.||||||||||||
I installed this: in date committed in my vsCode = go install golang.org/x/tools/gopls@latest
2026 I will rise ...
